Tweak formatting of Ephemeral Containers concept (#16638)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/ephemeral-containers.md

kubectl attach -it example-pod -c debugger
```

If process namespace sharing is enabled, you can see processes from all the containers in that Pod.

> For example: after attaching, you run `ps` in the debugger container:

Reviewer: Maybe something like this to avoid the double ':'?

```suggestion
For example, if you attach and run `ps` in the debugger container:
```
